# CS-230
Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design? The Gaming Room client requested for us to create a software solution for their game called, "Draw it or Lose it". They required that the program can load large images seamlessly between different gaming platforms with storage, memory management, and and robust securtiy protocols in place to protect user data and infastructure. 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? My attention to detail in determening and specifying roadblocks and needed infastructure in order for the progarm to operate seamlessly and securly. I provided detailed documentation to the client in a way that is easy to coprehend and maintain orginization. 
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? The document served as a blueprint and highlighted features and available solutions to common issues found in similar programs. It helps navigate potential pitfalls that may come up in the programs lifecycle and pointed out solutions acting as a roadmap for all stakeholders.
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I would continuisly update and review the security sections. Due to the rapid progress in this landscape, it is important to stay current to better target new threats that arise as well as impliment more robust security features as they come out. 
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? I did this by analysing the information provided to me while placing myself in the user's shoes and think of how I would like the experience to go for me.
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? I first began by making sure I understood the requirments and the clients expectations of the end product. I also researched and incorporated similar industry expertise when it came to how I incorporated key aspects of the project. In the future I would expand on the stakeholder conversations to receive even more details and specifications to make the user experience even better. 
